ID	PF	Exclusion
NCT02551432	1	"Is currently participating in or has participated in a study of an investigational agent or using an investigational device within 4 weeks of the first dose of treatment. Has a diagnosis of immunodeficiency or is receiving systemic steroid therapy or any other form of immunosuppressive therapy within 7 days prior to the first dose of trial treatment. Has had a prior anti-cancer monoclonal antibody within 4 weeks prior to study Day 1 or who has not recovered (i.e., ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to agents administered more than 4 weeks earlier. Has had prior chemotherapy, targeted small molecule therapy, or radiation therapy within 2 weeks prior to study Day 1 or who has not recovered (i.e., ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to a previously administered agent. Note: Subjects with ¡Â Grade 2 neuropathy are an exception to this criterion and may qualify for the study. Note: If subject received major surgery, they must have recovered adequately from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention prior to starting therapy. Has a known additional malignancy that is progressing or requires active treatment. Exceptions include basal cell carcinoma of the skin, squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, or in situ cervical cancer that has undergone potentially curative therapy. Has known active central nervous system (CNS) metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis. Subjects with previously treated brain metastases may participate provided they are stable (without evidence of progression by imaging for at least four weeks prior to the first dose of trial treatment and any neurologic symptoms have returned to baseline), have no evidence of new or enlarging brain metastases, and are not using steroids for at least 7 days prior to trial treatment. Has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past 2 years (i.e. with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs). Replacement therapy (eg., thyroxine, insulin, or physiologic corticosteroid replacement therapy for adrenal or pituitary insufficiency, etc.) is not considered a form of systemic treatment. Has evidence of interstitial lung disease or active, non-infectious pneumonitis. Has an active infection requiring systemic therapy. Has a history or current evidence of any condition, therapy, or laboratory abnormality that might confound the results of the trial, interfere with the subject's participation for the full duration of the trial, or is not in the best interest of the subject to participate, in the opinion of the treating investigator. Has known psychiatric or substance abuse disorders that would interfere with cooperation with the requirements of the trial. Is pregnant or breastfeeding, or expecting to conceive or father children within the projected duration of the trial, starting with the pre-screening or screening visit through 120 days after the last dose of trial treatment. Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to the first dose of trial treatment. Has a known history of active TB (Bacillus Tuberculosis) Has known hypersensitivity to MK-3475 or any of its excipients"
NCT02982720	0	"A history of anaphylaxis to peginterferon alfa-2b or interferon alfa-2b Is currently participating and receiving study therapy or has participated in a study of an investigational agent and received study therapy or used an investigational device within 4 weeks of the first dose of treatment. Has a diagnosis of immunodeficiency or is receiving systemic steroid therapy or any other form of immunosuppressive therapy within 7 days prior to the first dose of trial treatment. Has a known history of active Bacillus Tuberculosis (TB) Hypersensitivity to pembrolizumab or any of its excipients. Has had a prior anti-cancer monoclonal antibody (mAb) within 4 weeks prior to study Day 1 or who has not recovered (i.e., ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to agents administered more than 4 weeks earlier. Has had prior chemotherapy, targeted small molecule therapy, or radiation therapy within 2 weeks prior to study Day 1 or who has not recovered (i.e., ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to a previously administered agent. Note: Subjects with ¡Â Grade 2 neuropathy are an exception to this criterion and may qualify for the study. Note: If subject received major surgery, they must have recovered adequately from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention prior to starting therapy. Has a known additional malignancy that is progressing or requires active treatment. Exceptions include basal cell carcinoma of the skin or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin that has undergone potentially curative therapy or in situ cervical cancer. Has known active central nervous system (CNS) metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis. Subjects with previously treated brain metastases may participate provided they are stable (without evidence of progression by imaging for at least four weeks prior to the first dose of trial treatment and any neurologic symptoms have returned to baseline), have no evidence of new or enlarging brain metastases, and are not using steroids for at least 7 days prior to trial treatment. This exception does not include carcinomatous meningitis, which is excluded regardless of clinical stability. Has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past 2 years (i.e. with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs). Replacement therapy (e.g., thyroxine, insulin, or physiologic corticosteroid replacement therapy for adrenal or pituitary insufficiency, etc.) is not considered a form of systemic treatment. Has an active infection requiring systemic therapy. Is pregnant or breastfeeding, or expecting to conceive or father children within the projected duration of the trial, starting with the pre-screening or screening visit through 120 days after the last dose of trial treatment."
NCT02452424	0	"Disease that is suitable for local therapy administered with curative intent. Diagnosis of immunodeficiency or is receiving systemic steroid therapy or any other form of immunosuppressive therapy within 7 days prior to the first dose of study treatment. Is currently participating and receiving  Refractory nausea and vomiting, malabsorption, external biliary shunt, or significant small bowel resection that would preclude adequate absorption.study therapy or has participated in a study of an investigational agent and received study therapy or used an investigational device within 28 days prior to the first dose of study treatment. Has had monoclonal antibody within 28 days of first dose of study treatment or has not recovered from AEs due to agents administered more than 28 days earlier. Has had chemotherapy, targeted small molecule therapy, or radiation therapy within 14 days prior to first dose of study treatment or who has not recovered from AEs due to a previously administered agent. Note: Subjects with ¡Â Grade 2 neuropathy or ¡Â Grade 2 alopecia are an exception to this criterion and may qualify for the study. Note: If a subject received major surgery, he or she must have recovered adequately from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention prior to starting study treatment. Has received transfusion of blood products (including platelets or red blood cells [RBC]) or administration of colony stimulating factors (including granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor, or recombinant erythropoietin) within 28 days prior to Day 1. Evidence of interstitial lung disease or active, noninfectious pneumonitis. Has a known additional malignancy that is progressing or requires active treatment. Exceptions include basal cell carcinoma of the skin, squamous cell carcinoma of the skin that has undergone potentially curative therapy, in situ cervical cancer and isolated elevation of prostate-specific antigen. Subjects with a completely treated prior malignancy with no evidence of disease for ¡Ã 2 years are eligible. For Dose escalation cohort: patients with liver metastases, inclusion of patients with liver metastases in subsequent cohorts will be based upon clinical data. For Expansion cohort subjects who have previously received an anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1, or anti#PD-L2 agent or has previously participated in pembrolizumab clinical trials are excluded, except the following tumor types Melanoma, NSCLC and SCCHN (who must show primary progression to anti-PD1/anti-PDL1 therapy). Radiation therapy within 14 days of first dose of study treatment.- remove since it's repetitive. Has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past 2 years (i.e., with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs). Replacement therapy is not considered a form of systemic treatment. Has an active infection requiring systemic therapy. Has known central nervous system metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis. o Note: Subjects with previously treated brain metastases may participate if they meet the following criteria: 1) are stable for at least 28 days prior to the first dose of study treatment and if all neurologic symptoms returned to baseline); 2) have no evidence of new or enlarging brain metastases; and 3) have not been using steroids for at least 7 days prior to first dose of study treatment. This exception does not include carcinomatous meningitis, which is excluded regardless of clinical stability. Uncontrolled intercurrent illness. QT interval corrected using Fridericia's formula (QTc) ¡Ã 450 msec (males) or ¡Ã 470 msec (females) at Screening. Congenital long QT syndrome or patients taking concomitant medications known to prolong the QT interval. Major surgery within 28 days prior to first dose of study treatment. Has received a live vaccine administered within 30 days prior to first dose of study treatment. Has a history or current evidence of any condition, therapy, or laboratory abnormality that might confound the results of the trial, interfere with the subject's participation for the full duration of the trial, or is not in the best interest of the subject to participate, in the opinion of the treating investigator. ctive and clinically significant bacterial, fungal or viral infection, including hepatitis B virus (HBV), hepatitis C virus (HCV), known human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) or acquired immunodeficiency syndrome related illness (HIV testing is not required), including subjects who have an active infection requiring systemic therapy. ny of the following within 48 weeks (~1 year) prior to first dose of study treatment: myocardial infarction, uncontrolled angina, coronary/peripheral artery bypass graft, symptomatic congestive heart failure, cerebrovascular accident or transient ischemic attack. s pregnant or breastfeeding, or expecting to conceive or father children within the projected duration of the trial, starting with the screening visit through 120 days after the last dose of study treatment.Has known psychiatric or substance abuse disorders that would interfere with cooperation with the requirements of the trial. Has had prior exposure to PLX3397. Has had hypersensitivity (¡ÃGrade 3) reaction to pembrolizumab and/or any of its excipients."
NCT03361865	1	"Disease that is suitable for local therapy administered with curative intent. Known additional malignancy that is progressing or has required active treatment within the past 3 years. Known active central nervous system (CNS) metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis. Participants with previously treated brain metastases may participate provided they are radiologically stable, ie, without evidence of progression for at least 4 weeks by repeat imaging, clinically stable and without requirement of steroid treatment for at least 14 days prior to first dose of study treatment. Active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past 2 years. Known history of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. HIV testing is not required unless mandated by local health authority. Known history of or is positive for active hepatitis B (hepatitis B surface antigen [HBsAg] reactive) or has active hepatitis C (HCV RNA). Note: Testing must be performed to determine eligibility. istory of a gastrointestinal condition that in the opinion of the Investigator may affect oral drug absorption. istory or presence of an abnormal electrocardiogram (ECG) that, in the investigator's opinion, is clinically meaningful. Use of protocol-defined prior/concomitant therapy."
NCT03374488	1	"Urothelial carcinoma that is suitable for local therapy with curative intent. History or presence of an abnormal electrocardiogram (ECG) that, in the investigator's opinion, is clinically meaningful. Known additional malignancy that is progressing or has required active treatment within the past 3 years. Known active central nervous system (CNS) metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis. Participants with previously treated brain metastases may participate provided they are radiologically stable, ie, without evidence of progression for at least 4 weeks by repeat imaging. Active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past 2 years. Known history of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. HIV testing is not required unless mandated by local health authority. Known history of or is positive for active hepatitis B (HBsAg reactive) or has active hepatitis C (HCV RNA). Note: Testing must be performed to determine eligibility. Use of protocol-defined prior/concomitant therapy."
NCT02306850	1	"Is currently participating in or has participated in a study of an investigational agent or using an investigational device within 4 weeks of the first dose of treatment. Has a diagnosis of immunodeficiency or is receiving systemic steroid therapy or any other form of immunosuppressive therapy within 7 days prior to the first dose of treatment. Has had a prior monoclonal antibody within 4 weeks prior to study Day 1 or who has not recovered (i.e., ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to agents administered > 4 weeks earlier. Has had prior chemotherapy, targeted small molecule therapy, or radiation therapy within 2 weeks prior to study Day 1 or who has not recovered (i.e., ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to a previously administered agent. Has a known additional malignancy that is progressing or requires active treatment. Exceptions include basal cell and squamous cell skin cancers, or in situ cervical cancer. Has known active central nervous system (CNS) metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis. Subjects with previously treated brain metastases may participate provided they are stable (without evidence of progression by imaging 4 weeks prior to the first dose and any neurologic symptoms have returned to baseline), have no evidence of new or enlarging brain metastases, and are not using steroids for 7 days prior to trial treatment. Has an active autoimmune disease requiring systemic treatment within the past 3 months or a history of severe autoimmune disease or syndrome that requires steroids or immunosuppressive agents. Has interstitial lung disease or active, non-infectious pneumonitis. Has an active infection requiring systemic therapy. Has a history or current evidence of any condition, therapy, or lab abnormality that might confound the results, interfere with the subject's participation, or is not in the best interest of the subject to participate, in the opinion of the investigator. Has known psychiatric or substance abuse disorders that would interfere with the requirements of the trial. Is pregnant or breastfeeding, or expecting to conceive or father children within the projected duration of the trial. Has received prior therapy with an anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1, anti-PD-L2 treatment. Has a history of HIV. Has active Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to first dose. Is currently being treated with ipilimumab (defined as ipilimumab < 6 weeks before first dose of treatment)."
NCT03123055	0	"Participants with a history of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, organizing pneumonia, drug-induced pneumonitis, idiopathic pneumonitis, or evidence of active pneumonitis on the Screening chest CT scan. Prior therapy with an anti-programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) or anti-PD-Ligand 1 agent, or with an agent directed to another co-inhibitory T-cell receptor or FGFR inhibitor. Patients with autoimmune disease or medical conditions that required systemic corticosteroids (> 10 mg/day prednisone or its equivalent) or other immunosuppressive medications or any other form of systemic immunosuppressive therapy within 7 days prior to the first dose of study treatment. Note: Replacement therapy (e.g. physiologic corticosteroid replacement therapy for adrenal or pituitary insufficiency, etc.) is not considered a form of systemic treatment. Primary central nervous system (CNS) malignancy or CNS metastases. History of clinically significant coagulation or platelet disorder in the past 12 months."
NCT02658019	1	"Active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past 2 years (i.e. with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs). Replacement therapy (e.g., thyroxine, insulin, or physiologic corticosteroid replacement therapy for adrenal or pituitary insufficiency, etc.) is not considered a form of systemic treatment. Diagnosis of immunodeficiency or is receiving systemic steroid therapy or any other form of immunosuppressive therapy within 2 years prior to the first dose of trial treatment. Major surgical procedure within 28 days prior to enrollment. Note: If subject received major surgery, they must have recovered adequately from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention prior to starting therapy. Any unresolved toxicity > CTCAE grade 2 despite optimal care/support, from previous anti-cancer therapy, within 28 days prior to first dose of study drug. [Exceptions: Alopecia and ¡Âgrade 2 neuropathy.] Prior therapy with an anti-Programmed Death (PD)-1, anti-PD-Ligand-(L)-1, or anti-PD-L2 agent. Receipt of anti-cancer monoclonal antibody within 4 weeks prior to first dose of study drug. Prior treatment with any other chemotherapy, radiotherapy, immunotherapy, or anticancer drug, agent or biologic within 4 weeks prior to first dose of study drug. Has received a live vaccine within 30 days of planned start of study therapy. Note: Seasonal influenza vaccines for injection are generally inactivated flu vaccines and are allowed; however intranasal influenza vaccines (e.g., Flu-Mist¢ç) are live attenuated vaccines, and are not allowed. Receipt of any other investigational agents for their cancer ¡Â4 weeks of the first dose of study treatment. Known history of active Bacillus Tuberculosis (TB). Known history of, or any evidence of active, non-infectious pneumonitis or has a history of (non-infectious) pneumonitis that required steroids or current pneumonitis. Known history of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), HIV-1/2 antibodies. Known hypersensitivity to pembrolizumab or any of its excipients. Known active central nervous system (CNS) metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis. [Exception: Subjects with previously treated brain metastases may participate provided they are stable (without evidence of progression by imaging, for at least 4 weeks prior to the first dose of study drug and any neurologic symptoms have returned to baseline), have no evidence of new or enlarging brain metastases, and are not using steroids for at least 7 days prior to trial treatment. This exception does not apply to carcinomatous meningitis which is excluded regardless of clinical stability.] Is pregnant or breastfeeding, or expecting to conceive or father children within the projected duration of the trial through 120 days after the last dose of trial treatment. Any uncontrolled, intercurrent illness including but not limited to ongoing or active infection, symptomatic congestive heart failure, unstable angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmia. Has a known additional malignancy that is progressing or requires active treatment. [Exception: Basal cell carcinoma of the skin or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin that has undergone potentially curative therapy, or in situ cervical cancer.] Any other serious medical or psychiatric illness/condition likely in the judgment of the Investigator(s) to interfere or limit compliance with study requirements/treatment. Treatment for active hepatitis C virus (HCV) within 60 days of study entry. [Note: Untreated HCV positive subjects are eligible, and if stable on pembrolizumab for 6 months after study entry, consideration may be given to starting anti-HCV therapy, at the discretion of the treating Investigator.] HCC patients with evidence of prior hepatitis B virus (HBV) must fulfill the following criteria in order to be eligible for the study: HBV viral load (VL) <100 IU/mL before study enrollment, and subjects with active HBV need to be on anti-HBV suppression ¡Ã3 months, throughout treatment and for 6 months after."
NCT03167151	0	"Has received prior radiotherapy to the pelvis. Has significant urinary incontinence or known bladder instability. Main study only: Has more than 2 out of 3 of the following present at the current time: i. ¡Ã8 tumours ii. Tumour ¡Ã3cm in size iii. Frequent recurrence (>1/year) Has a previous history of any of the following: T1 tumour, high grade/G3 tumour, carcinoma in situ, multiple recurrent large (>3cm) Ta, G1 or G2 tumours. Had a primary tumour of unknown pathological stage or grade. Has disease for which resection of all visible tumours is not possible. Is currently participating and receiving study therapy or has participated in a study of an investigational agent and received study therapy or used an investigational device within 28 days of the first dose of trial treatment. Has a diagnosis of immunodeficiency or is receiving systemic steroid therapy or any other form of immunosuppressive therapy within 7 days prior to the first dose of trial treatment. Subjects requiring use of inhaled or intranasal corticosteroids or local steroid injections would not be excluded. Has a known history of active tuberculosis (TB). Has received intravesical Bacillus Calmette-Guerin (BCG) treatment within 30 days prior to the first dose of trial treatment. Has hypersensitivity to pembrolizumab or any of its excipients. Has had treatment with any other anti-cancer monoclonal antibody within 28 days prior to enrolment or who has not recovered (i.e. ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to agents administered more than 4 weeks earlier. Has had treatment with prior chemotherapy, targeted small molecule therapy, or radiation therapy within 2 weeks of administration of study drug or who has not recovered (i.e. ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to a previously administered agent. Has a known additional malignancy that is progressing or requires active treatment. Exceptions include basal cell carcinoma of the skin or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin that has undergone potentially curative therapy or in situ cervical cancer. Has known active central nervous system (CNS) metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis. Subjects with previously treated brain metastases may participate provided they are stable (without evidence of progression by imaging for at least four weeks prior to the first dose of trial treatment and any neurological symptoms have returned to baseline), have no evidence of new or enlarging brain metastases, and are not using steroids for a t least 7 days prior to trial treatment. This exception does not include carcinomatous meningitis which is excluded regardless of clinical stability. Has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past 2 years (i.e. with use of disease modifying agents or immunosuppressive drugs). Replacement therapy (e.g. thyroxine, insulin or physiologic corticosteroids replacement therapy for adrenal or pituitary insufficiency, etc.) is not considered a form of systemic treatment. Has a known history of, or any evidence of active, non-infectious pneumonitis. Has an active or intractable infection requiring systemic therapy. Has a history or current evidence of any condition, therapy, or laboratory abnormality that might confound the results of the trial, interfere with the subject's participation for the full duration of the trial, or is not in the best interest of the subject to participate, in the opinion of the treating Investigator. Has a known psychiatric or substance abuse disorder that would interfere with cooperation with the requirements of the trial. Is pregnant or breastfeeding, or expecting to conceive or father children within the projected duration of the trial, starting with the pre-screening or screening visit through to 120 days after the last dose of trial treatment. Has received prior therapy with an anti-programmed cell death protein 1 (anti-PD-1), anti-programmed death ligand 1 (anti PD-L1), or anti-programmed death ligand 2 (anti-PD-L2) agent. Has a known history of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) (HIV 1/2 antibodies). Has known active Hepatitis B (e.g. HBsAg reactive) or Hepatitis C (e.g. hepatitis C virus [HCV] RNA [qualitative] is detected). Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to the first dose of trial treatment."
NCT03407170	0	"Has disease that is suitable for local therapy administered with curative intent Has a history of interstitial lung disease Has a positive pregnancy test within 72 hours before the first dose of study therapy Has received prior therapy with an anti-Programmed Cell Death Protein 1 (PD-1), anti-Programmed Cell Death-Ligand 1 (PD-L1), anti-Programmed Cell Death-Ligand 2 (PD-L2) agent or with an agent directed to another stimulatory or co-inhibitory T-cell receptor (eg, cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4 [CTLA-4], OX-40, CD137) Has received prior systemic anti-cancer therapy including investigational agents within 4 weeks prior to study start Has received prior radiotherapy within 2 weeks of start of study therapy Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to the first dose of study therapy Has received transfusion of blood products (including platelets or red blood cells) or administration of colony stimulating factors (including granulocyte colony stimulating factor [G-CSF], granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor [GMCSF] or recombinant erythropoietin) within 4 weeks prior to study start Is currently participating in or has participated in a study of an investigational agent or has used an investigational device within 4 weeks prior to the first dose of study therapy Has a diagnosis of immunodeficiency or is receiving chronic systemic steroid therapy or any other form of immunosuppressive therapy within 7 days prior the first dose of study therapy Has a known additional malignancy that is progressing or has required active treatment within the past 3 years with the exception of basal cell and squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, transitional cell carcinoma of urothelial cancer, or carcinoma in situ (eg, breast carcinoma, cervical cancer in situ) that have undergone potentially curative therapy Has known active central nervous system (CNS) metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis Has severe hypersensitivity (¡ÃGrade 3) to pembrolizumab and/or any of its excipients Has an active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past 2 years Has a history of (non-infectious) pneumonitis that required steroids or has current pneumonitis Has an active infection requiring systemic therapy Has a known history of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection Has a known history of Hepatitis B (defined as Hepatitis B surface antigen [HBsAg] reactive) or known active Hepatitis C virus (defined as HCV RNA [qualitative] is detected) infection Has a history or current evidence of any condition, therapy, or laboratory abnormality that might confound the results of the study, interfere with the participant's participation for the full duration of the study, or is not in the best interest of the participant to participate, in the opinion of the treating investigator Has known psychiatric or substance abuse disorders that would interfere with cooperating with the requirements of the study. Is pregnant or breastfeeding or expecting to conceive or father children starting with the screening visit through 120 days after the last dose of study therapy"
NCT02576990	1	"Is currently participating and receiving study therapy or has participated in a study of an investigational agent and received study therapy or used an investigational device within 4 weeks of the first dose of study drug. Is receiving systemic steroid therapy <3 days before the first dose of study drug or receiving any other form of immunosuppressive medication. Prior monoclonal antibody within 4 weeks prior to study Day 1 (2 weeks for RS participants) or who has not recovered (i.e. ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to agents administered more than 4 weeks earlier (2 weeks for RS participants). Prior chemotherapy or targeted small molecule therapy within 2 weeks prior to study Day 1 or prior radiation therapy within 4 weeks prior to study Day 1. Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation within the last 5 years. Has a known additional malignancy (except underlying CLL for RS) that is progressing or requires active treatment. Exceptions include basal cell carcinoma of the skin, squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, or in situ cervical cancer that has undergone potentially curative therapy. Known clinically active central nervous system involvement. Active autoimmune disease requiring systemic treatment in past 2 years. History of (non-infectious) pneumonitis that required steroids, or current pneumonitis. Active infection requiring intravenous systemic therapy. Is pregnant or breastfeeding, or expecting to conceive or father children within the projected duration of the study, starting with the pre-screening or screening visit through 120 days after the last dose of study drug. Has received prior therapy with an anti-programmed cell death 1 (anti-PD-1), anti-programmed cell death ligand 1 (anti-PD-L1), anti-PD-L2, anti-CD137, or anti-cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen-4 (CTLA-4) antibody (including ipilimumab or any other antibody or drug specifically targeting T-cell co-stimulation or checkpoint pathways). Known human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), or Hepatitis B or C. Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to first dose of study drug."
NCT02212730	0	"Is currently participating in, or has participated in a study with an investigational agent or device within 4 weeks prior to first dose of study therapy Has a diagnosis of immunosuppression or has received systemic steroid therapy, or any other form of immunosuppressive therapy within 4 weeks prior to first dose of study therapy Has had prior chemotherapy, targeted small molecule, or radiation therapy for treatment of RCC Has a known additional (other than RCC) malignancy that is progressing or requires active treatment Has known active central nervous system (CNS) metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis Has an active, or documented history of autoimmune disease, with the exceptions of vitiligo or resolved childhood asthma/atopy Has a history of (non-infectious) pneumonitis that required treatment with steroids or current pneumonitis. Has an active infection requiring systematic therapy Is receiving anticoagulant therapy, with the exception of low dosage aspirin Has severe cardiovascular disease or symptomatic ischemic heart disease Has hepatic decompensation Has uncontrolled thyroid dysfunction Has uncontrolled diabetes mellitus Has known psychiatric or substance abuse disorders Female is pregnant or breastfeeding Is expecting to conceive children within the projected maximum duration of the trial, extending through 120 days after the last dose of treatment or the last blood draw Has received prior therapy with any antibody or drug (including ipilimumab) specifically targeting T-cell co-stimulation or checkpoint pathway Has a known history of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) Has known active hepatitis B or C Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to screening"
NCT02499952	0	"Is currently participating and receiving study therapy or has participated in a study of an investigational agent and received study therapy or used an investigational device within 4 weeks of the first dose of treatment. Has a diagnosis of immunodeficiency or is receiving systemic steroid therapy or any other form of immunosuppressive therapy within 7 days prior to the first dose of trial treatment. Has a known history of active TB (Bacillus Tuberculosis) Hypersensitivity to pembrolizumab or any of its excipients. Has had a prior anti-cancer monoclonal antibody (mAb) within 4 weeks prior to study Day 1 or who has not recovered (i.e., ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events (AE) due to agents administered more than 4 weeks earlier. Has had prior chemotherapy, targeted small molecule therapy, or radiation therapy within 2 weeks prior to study Day 1 or who has not recovered (i.e., ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to a previously administered agent. NOTE 1: Subjects with ¡Â Grade 2 neuropathy are an exception to this criterion and may qualify for the study. NOTE 2: If subject received major surgery, they must have recovered adequately from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention prior to starting therapy. Has a known additional malignancy that is progressing or requires active treatment. Exceptions include basal cell carcinoma of the skin or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin that has undergone potentially curative therapy or in situ cervical cancer. Has known active central nervous system (CNS) metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis. Subjects with previously treated brain metastases may participate provided they are stable (without evidence of progression by imaging for at least four weeks prior to the first dose of trial treatment and any neurologic symptoms have returned to baseline), have no evidence of new or enlarging brain metastases, and are not using steroids for at least 7 days prior to trial treatment. This exception does not include carcinomatous meningitis which is excluded regardless of clinical stability. Has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past 2 years (i.e,. with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs). Replacement therapy (eg., thyroxine, insulin, or physiologic corticosteroid replacement therapy for adrenal or pituitary insufficiency, etc.) is not considered a form of systemic treatment. Presence of interstitial lung disease or history of pneumonitis requiring treatment with corticosteroids. Has an active infection requiring systemic therapy. Has a history or current evidence of any condition, therapy, or laboratory abnormality that might confound the results of the trial, interfere with the subject's participation for the full duration of the trial, or is not in the best interest of the subject to participate, in the opinion of the treating investigator. Has known psychiatric or substance abuse disorders that would interfere with cooperation with the requirements of the trial. Is pregnant or breastfeeding, or expecting to conceive or father children within the projected duration of the trial, starting with the pre-screening or screening visit through 120 days after the last dose of trial treatment. Has received prior therapy with PD-1, PD-L1, or CTLA-4 inhibitors. Has a known history of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) (HIV 1/2 antibodies). Has known active Hepatitis B (e.g., HBsAg reactive) or Hepatitis C (e.g., HCV RNA [qualitative] is detected). Has received a live vaccine within 30 days of planned start of study therapy. NOTE: Seasonal influenza vaccines for injection are generally inactivated flu vaccines and are allowed; however intranasal influenza vaccines (e.g., Flu-Mist¢ç) are live attenuated vaccines, and are not allowed."
NCT02563548	1	"Previous treatment with pembrolizumab, nivolumab, or other antibody (anti-)-PD-1 or PD-1 ligand-antibody (anti-PD-L1) agents. New York Heart Association Class III or IV (Appendix D) cardiac disease or myocardial infarction within the past 12 months before screening, or preexisting atrial fibrillation. Prior history of cerebrovascular accident or transient ischemic attack. NSCLC participants with known brain metastases (certain exceptions allowed) Gastric adenocarcinoma participants with brain metastases History of active bleeding within the last 3 months requiring transfusion Anti-angiogenic therapy within the last month Participants with known interstitial fibrosis or interstitial lung disease. Previous history of pulmonary embolism or pulmonary embolism found on screening exam. History of: Pneumonitis that requires oral or IV steroids; Or known cases of hepatobiliary diseases (e.g., primary biliary cholangitis, primary sclerosing cholangitis, history of immune-mediated cholangitis); Participants with cholangitis attributed to infectious etiology (e.g., ascending cholangitis, bacterial cholangitis) are eligible if the infection has been fully resolved prior to the screening visit. Or known cases of drug-induced hepatobiliary toxicities. Active autoimmune disease requiring systemic treatment within the past 3 months or documented history of clinically severe autoimmune disease, or syndrome that requires systemic steroids or immunosuppressive agents. History of another primary cancer within the last 3 years that required treatment, with the exception of non-melanoma skin cancer, early-stage prostate cancer, or curatively treated cervical carcinoma in situ."
NCT02996474	1	"Has a diagnosis of acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL) Has previously received an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant. Has received AML treatment with an investigational therapy or device within 4 weeks of the first dose of treatment. Has a diagnosis of immunodeficiency or is receiving systemic steroid therapy or any other form of immunosuppressive therapy within 7 days prior to the first dose of trial treatment. Has a known history of active TB (Bacillus Tuberculosis) Has hypersensitivity to pembrolizumab or any of its excipients. Has hypersensitivity to decitabine or any of its excipients. Has received more than two prior cycles of decitabine. Has had a prior anti-cancer monoclonal antibody (mAb) within 4 weeks prior to study Day 1. Has had prior chemotherapy, targeted small molecule therapy, or radiation therapy within 2 weeks prior to study Day 1. --Note: Subjects who have received cytoreductive therapy with hydroxyurea at any time prior to study Day 1 are an exception to this criterion. Has not recovered (i.e., less than or equal to Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to previously administered AML therapy agents. Note: Subjects with less than or equal to Grade 2 neuropathy are an exception and may qualify for the study. Note: If subject received major surgery, they must have recovered adequately from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention prior to starting therapy. Has a known additional malignancy that is progressing or requires active treatment. Patients with basal cell carcinoma of the skin or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin that has undergone potentially curative therapy or in situ cervical cancer would not be excluded. Has known malignant central nervous system (CNS) involvement. Has active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past 2 years (i.e. with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs). Replacement therapy (eg., thyroxine, insulin, or physiologic corticosteroid replacement therapy for adrenal or pituitary insufficiency, etc.) is not considered a form of systemic treatment. Has history of (non-infectious) pneumonitis that required steroids, evidence of interstitial lung disease or active, non-infectious pneumonitis. Has an active infection requiring intravenous systemic therapy. Has a history or current evidence of any condition, therapy, or laboratory abnormality that might confound the results of the trial, interfere with the subject s participation for the full duration of the trial, or is not in the best interest of the subject to participate, in the opinion of the treating investigator. Has known psychiatric or substance abuse disorders that would interfere with cooperation with the requirements of the trial. Is pregnant or breastfeeding, or expecting to conceive or father children within the projected duration of the trial, starting with the pre-screening or screening visit through 120 days after the last dose of trial treatment. Has received prior therapy with an anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1, or anti-PD-L2 agent. Has a known history of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) (HIV 1/2 antibodies). Has known active Hepatitis B (e.g., HBsAg reactive) or Hepatitis C (e.g., HCV RNA [qualitative] is detected). Has received a live vaccine within 30 days of planned start of study therapy. Note: Seasonal influenza vaccines for injection are generally inactivated flu vaccines and are allowed; however intranasal influenza vaccines (e.g., Flu-Mist ) are live attenuated vaccines, and are not allowed."
NCT02337491	1	"Current or planned participation in a study of an investigational agent or using an investigational device. Has a diagnosis of immunodeficiency. Has tumor primarily localized to the brainstem or spinal cord. Has presence of diffuse leptomeningeal disease or extracranial disease. Has received systemic immunosuppressive treatments within 6 months of start of study drug Requires treatment with high dose systemic corticosteroids defined as dexamethasone > 4 mg/day or bioequivalent for at least 3 consecutive days within 2 weeks of start of study drug. Has received prior interstitial brachytherapy, implanted chemotherapy, stereotactic radiosurgery or therapeutics delivered by local injection or convection enhanced delivery. Requires therapeutic anticoagulation with warfarin at baseline; patients must be off warfarin or warfarin-derivative anti-coagulants for at least 7 days prior to starting study drug; however, therapeutic or prophylactic therapy with low-molecular weight heparin is allowed. Has history of known coagulopathy that increases risk of bleeding or a history of clinically significant hemorrhage within 12 months of start of study drug Has evidence of intratumoral or peritumoral hemorrhage on baseline MRI scan other than those that are grade ¡Â 1 and either post-operative or stable on at least 2 consecutive MRI scans. Has gastrointestinal bleeding or any other hemorrhage/bleeding event CTCAE Grade > 3 within 6 months of start of study drug. Has a known additional malignancy that is progressing or requires active treatment within 3 years of start of study drug. Exceptions include basal cell carcinoma of the skin, squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, or in situ cervical cancer that has undergone potentially curative therapy. Has an active autoimmune disease requiring systemic treatment within the past 3 months or a documented history of clinically severe autoimmune disease, or a syndrome that requires systemic steroids or immunosuppressive agents. Has evidence of interstitial lung disease or active, non-infectious pneumonitis. Has an active infection requiring systemic therapy. Has a history or current evidence of any condition, therapy, or laboratory abnormality that might confound the results of the trial, interfere with the subject's participation for the full duration of the trial, or is not in the best interest of the subject to participate, in the opinion of the treating investigator. Has known psychiatric or substance abuse disorders that would interfere with cooperation with the requirements of the trial. Is pregnant or breastfeeding, or expecting to conceive within the projected duration of the trial Has a known history of HIV Has known active Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C Has received a live vaccine within 30 days prior to the first dose of study drug. Has a known hypersensitivity to any of the study therapy products. Has received anti-angiogenic or anti-VEGF targeted agents (e.g. bevacizumab, cediranib, aflibercept, vandetanib, XL-184, sunitinib, etc) Has a history of non-healing wounds or ulcers, or bone refractures within 3 months of fracture Has a history of arterial thromboembolism within 12 months of start of study drug. Has inadequately controlled hypertension Has a history of hypertensive crisis or hypertensive encephalopathy Has had clinically significant cardiovascular disease within 12 months of start of study drug Has a history of abdominal fistula, gastrointestinal perforation, or intra-abdominal abscess within 6 months prior to start of study drug."
NCT02713529	1	"Has known active central nervous system metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis. History of other malignancy with the past 2 years with some exceptions Evidence of active non-infectious pneumonitis/interstitial lung disease Evidence of other active autoimmune disease that has required prolonged systemic treatment in past 2 years. Evidence of clinically significant immunosuppression such as organ or stem cell transplantation, any severe congenital or acquired cellular and/or humoral immune deficiency, concurrent opportunistic infection. Receiving systemic immunostimulatory agents within 6 weeks or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter, prior to first dose of study treatment (except ant PD-1/PD-L1 treatment if recruited into Group 4a or 4b). Evidence of active infection within 2 weeks prior to first dose of study treatment. Prior chemotherapy, radiotherapy, biological cancer therapy or major surgery within 28 days prior to enrollment Currently participating or has participated in a study (treatment period only) of an investigational agent or used an investigational device within 28 days of enrollment Received live vaccine within 28 days prior to enrollment Adverse event due to cancer therapy administered more than 28 days prior to enrollment that has not recovered to Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) grade 1 or better. Positive for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), Hepatitis B or C Women planning to become pregnant or who are lactating/breastfeeding while on study through 4 months after receiving the last dose of study drug."
NCT02690948	0	"Currently receiving investigational study therapy, or has received investigational study therapy, or used an investigational device, within 4 weeks of the first dose of treatment. Diagnosis of immunodeficiency or is receiving systemic steroid therapy or any other form of immunosuppressive therapy within 7 days prior to the first dose of trial treatment (EXCEPTIONS: topical, intraarticular, intralesional, and inhaled steroids) Known history of active Bacillus Tuberculosis (TB) infection Hypersensitivity to pembrolizumab or any of its excipients. Has received an anti-cancer monoclonal antibody (mAb) within 4 weeks prior to study Day 1, or who has not recovered (ie, ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to agents administered more than 4 weeks earlier. Has received chemotherapy, targeted small molecule therapy, or radiation therapy within 2 weeks prior to study Day 1, or who has not recovered (ie, ¡Â Grade 1 or at baseline) from adverse events due to a previously administered agent. (EXCEPTION: Subjects with ¡Â Grade 2 neuropathy may qualify for the study). If subject received major surgery, they must have recovered adequately from the toxicity and/or complications from the intervention prior to starting therapy. Known additional malignancy that is progressing or requires active treatment. (EXCEPTIONS: basal cell carcinoma of the skin or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin that has undergone potentially curative therapy, or in situ cervical cancer) Carcinomatous meningitis without consideration of clinical stability Known active central nervous system (CNS) metastases and/or carcinomatous meningitis. Subjects with previously treated brain metastases may participate provided they are stable (without evidence of progression by imaging for at least four weeks prior to the first dose of trial treatment and any neurologic symptoms have returned to baseline), have no evidence of new or enlarging brain metastases, and are not using steroids for at least 7 days prior to trial treatment. Active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in the past 2 years (ie, with use of disease modifying agents, corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs). Replacement therapy (eg, thyroxine, insulin, or physiologic corticosteroid replacement therapy for adrenal or pituitary insufficiency, etc.) is not considered a form of systemic treatment. Intraarticular, inhaled, and intralesional doses of steroids are allowed at screening and during the study. Known history of, or any evidence of active, non-infectious pneumonitis that required steroids or current pneumonitis. Active infection requiring systemic therapy. History or current evidence of any condition, therapy, or laboratory abnormality that might confound the results of the trial, interfere with the subject's participation for the full duration of the trial, or is not in the best interest of the subject to participate, in the opinion of the treating investigator. Has known psychiatric or substance abuse disorders that would interfere with cooperation with the requirements of the trial. Is pregnant or breastfeeding Expecting to conceive or father children within the projected duration of the trial, starting with the pre-screening or screening visit through 120 days after the last dose of trial treatment. Has received prior therapy with an anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1, or anti-PD-L2 agent. Has a known history of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) (HIV 1-2 antibodies). Has known active Hepatitis B (eg, HBsAg reactive) or Hepatitis C (eg, HCV RNA [qualitative] is detected). Has received a live vaccine within 30 days of planned start of study therapy. Note: Seasonal influenza vaccines for injection are generally inactivated flu vaccines and are allowed; however intranasal influenza vaccines (eg, Flu-Mist) are live attenuated vaccines, and are not allowed."
NCT03361228	0	"Participation in any other study in which receipt of an investigational study drug or device occurred within 2 weeks or 5 half-lives (whichever is longer) before first dose. Has received a prior monoclonal antibody within 4 weeks or 5 half-lives (whichever is shorter) before administration of study drug. Prior chemotherapy or targeted small molecule therapy within 2 weeks before administration of study treatment. Prior therapy with an IDO1 or arginase 1 inhibitor. Active autoimmune disease that has required systemic treatment in past 2 years. Replacement therapy (eg, thyroxine, insulin, or physiologic corticosteroid replacement therapy for adrenal or pituitary insufficiency, etc.) is not considered a form of systemic treatment. Receipt of a live vaccine within 30 days before the first dose of study treatment. Any history of serotonin syndrome after receiving serotonergic drugs. Use of protocol-defined prior/concomitant therapy. Known or suspected defect in the function of the urea cycle. History of gastrointestinal condition that may affect drug absorption."
NCT02752074	0	"Has received prior systemic treatment for unresectable or metastatic melanoma (except BRAF directed therapy) Has received prior therapy with an anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1, anti-PD-L2, anti-CD137, or IDO1 inhibitor or any other antibody or drug specifically targeting checkpoint pathways other than anti-CTLA-4 which is permitted in the adjuvant setting Has received prior adjuvant therapy, monoclonal antibody or an investigational agent or device within 4 weeks or 5 half-lives (whichever is longer) Has an active infection requiring systemic therapy Has known history of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) (HIV 1/2 antibodies) Has known history of or is positive for Hepatitis B or Hepatitis C Is pregnant or breastfeeding or expecting to conceive or father children within the projected duration of the study, starting with the screening visit through 120 days after the last dose of study treatment"
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
